IDEA:
Player moves a box through courses, avoiding dangers.
Player must collect a key to open the door to the next level.
Coins are just collectables and only increment their counter.

Player can pass through objects of the same colour as the player, but will lose if they touch an object of a different colour (except walls and other special objects).
Players colour can be changed by touching a pain bucket.

There is a popular game very similar to this called "World's Hardest Game" (couldn't find an official website or anything of the sort).
But seeing as this is a programming course and not game dev, I don't find that to be a huge issuegiven that I've added different features.

The 6th level is the final boss fight where the player has to dodge incoming projectiles but in such a manner that they hit the giant lock.
Once the locks health depletes, it opens. This door will lead to the final room where a prize awaits.

TECHNICAL SOLUTIONS:
Phaser.GameObjects.Rectangle doesn't work as described in the documentation and cannot be added to a group ( or at least I couldn't get it to work).
So instead, single pixel textures were used in images and scaled to the wanted dimensions.

Each danger is associated with n points. They are spawned on the first one. Once the level has loaded they begin moving to the next point.
After reaching it, they move to the next point. This continues until the last point is reached. Then they move to their starting point and start the cycle again.
The movement isn't absolutely precise, but it should be precise enough as to not cause problems.
To avoid any issues, before a danger is set to move, they are teleported to the exact point they were supposed to end up.

The lock/door works as follows: key is collected => create open door => destroy lock
This is most likely more resource intensive than just change the texture and state of the lock/door.

POINTS:
2 Well written report
4 Application is responsive and can be used on both desktop and mobile environment
2 Application works on Firefox, Safari, Edge and Chrome
4 There is a clear plot in the game. It has a start and end.
4 There are more than one map
3 There are enemies that can hurt the player

1 Paintcans that change the players colour
1 Damage is dependant on the colours of the object and the player
1 Final boss has a health bar
1 Collecting a key changes the lock into an door

So 23 points in total. Though, some points are questionable.
Whether or not the game has moving parts depends on whether you count the coloured boxes as enemies or other objects. Either way the points remain the same.

SOURCES:
for Phaser:
https://photonstorm.github.io/phaser3-docs/
https://newdocs.phaser.io/docs/3.60.0/

for JavaScript:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript

TOOLS USED:
sprite creation: https://www.piskelapp.com/p/create/sprite

